recently we have talked about the
popular anime of sing equinox gene
which the truth is great but in
finish
similarly derived to all this has been
decided to make an adaptation to the cinema
about this same universe being nothing
more and nothing less than done by the
known by all eye this adaptation
will have two films the first one was
released a few weeks ago in
Japan while the second part will be
released in the very next month of
September but specifically today
we'll talk about the first part itself
I had the opportunity to see a couple of
days and well before I start I would like to
warn that this video will have
some spoilers of both the movie
like anime and manga so now
are warned singh equinox gym
basically has the same scoop
of the anime and the manga but in case
someone already forgot I remember it
the sudden appearance of gigantic
titans has brought mankind almost
on the brink of extinction the few
survivors have had to take refuge
inside huge walls
and prevent the titans from entering trying
to survive as much as possible to simple
view we would have the same story without
But this is not how we know the
original story begins with the
appearance of the colossal titan and death
from the mother of eren so that from there in
further develop a series of
events derived from that but in
the movie this never happens the mother of
eren is not devoured is more never appears
which is replaced by a sequence
very pretty, although it is understandable that
was going to do a copy and paste with the
original story and this one was not going to be
just like the truth this seems like a
very radical change but in general the
history does not look like anything already seen
in the anime and manga since most
of the film tells a story
totally new many things do not
explained and omitted many others the
name of the walls and the three factions
it is possible to join after
graduate in no time are
mentioned even though if they appear
in the film it would be nice if at
unless this one was good it's true has
your moments
but most of it does not become
entertaining more than anything because of
personality change of most
the characters since these are also not
they look nothing like manga
they were not seeing their mother die does not have
thirst for revenge and even if you see die to
many others this one never looks so
impulsive armin is not the weak guy of the
group this even seems a secondary
and my house because nothing to do with the series
many key characters were
eliminated at least for this first
part I do not know if in the second part
appear but I doubt it
characters like cold and ami and even the
father of eren shine by his absence and
instead they add to new ones that
they are just filling they are very forgettable
and in truth that the name change
should psyche for me was a shit
and even more so being one of the characters
most important and the few that are
little or nothing have to do with manga
unlike the original story
where seeing someone die was
shocking arriving at times to be
very depressed here the role of upson
all the characters are deficient
that all the characters can die
and you will not feel bad at
want to tell a new story this is not
it is neither good and much less interesting to the
except I think most of us
we expected something more attached to the manga
clear that with its changes and
restrictions but the truth the
totally different argument results
disappointing
together with that the actions by
moments are very overactive is
obvious that the intense drama that
characterizes this series does not
appearance is not about emulating that not
it comes to me but it does not get to be
level of the first chapters of the
series you notice that the movies of all
they have not changed much since like
that years ago with his films of
monsters we almost always had one that
another movie with a passable argument
but with some monsters scenes
really good and in the case of jean
jacques and nokia gym this is repeated already
that while the story and characters
they leave much to be desired titans here
yes they were outstanding
the use of cg and itself is good so
least I can say that it does not look so fake
the colossal titan looks
extraordinarily well like the
rest of titans which are super
creepy if in the manga and in the anime it
they looked disturbing here this was
multiplied and like good Japanese
these are scary , the
added that the titans make noises
and they even laugh this makes them more
scary but I still do not like the
everything since at least I prefer that
be silent you can not deny without
doubt the titans take the film
as is characteristic of the franchise
the large amounts of blood and
dismemberments are very abundant and
incredibly graphic in that there's no
All complaints are brutal and I reiterate the
Titans fulfill their role very well and
I could say that is the only reason
watch the movie the action along the
film is not very abundant that we say and
the sequences with the teams of
maneuvers are very short and are limited to
appear almost finished the film
in general these sequences are not very
good to say and of course not
they have the same equity that is appreciated
in the anime because of its own time
on the screen is not much these are not
they are so exciting something that I
it seems very well achieved
are the locations where
develops the film and although they are not
not similar to the originals and
these seem more post apocalyptic and
a little more modernized these look
very well nor how to deny the appearance
sound does not stand out much is not so good
not so bad summarizing singh equinox
gym is not a good film changes by
full story and characters
proposing an original argument that does not
It works well, being boring and
tedious perhaps it is mainly the
start and end sequences by
those that are more worth watching the film
but in general it is not recommended nor
for fans since they probably do not
like the changes they made
and as a film itself it's not very good that
let say
the titans pretty much raise a little
the action in the movie but they stay
half-baked and it's not enough reason as
to see the rest of the film and the truth
I doubt very much that in the second part
correct these errors I give you a
rating of 5 out of 10